"Organisms don't think of CO2 as a poison. Plants and organisms that make shells, coral, think of it as a building block.",
"Under the White Cliff's battlemented crown, Hushed to a depth of more than Sabbath peace.",
"Never again can I gaze upon the beauty spots of the Earth and enjoy them as being the finest thing I have ever seen. Crater Lake is above them all.",
"Like to the apples on the Dead Sea's shore, all ashes to the taste.",
        "It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.",
        "The natural history of this archipelago is very remarkable: it seems to be a little world within itself.",
        "As it turns out, Mount Kilimanjaro is not wi-fi enabled, so I had to spend two weeks in Tanzania talking to the people on my trip.",
        "The Pantanal is the most complex intertropical alluvional plain of the planet and perhaps the least known area of the world.",
        "But as I headed into the heart of New Zealand's fiordland that same child-like feeling, long lost, of pure unadulterated awe came rushing back.",
        "Several closely situated granite peaks resembling tiger's teeth dramatically soar about a kilometer into the sky",
        "Tsingy is a 250-square-mile tiger trap made up on massive obelisks riddled with jagged spears. And yes, they will cut your pretty face.",
        "Yosemite Valley, to me, is always a sunrise, a glitter of green and golden wonder in a vast edifice of stone and space.",
        "No man ever wetted clay and then left it, as if there would be bricks by chance and fortune.",
        "I thought clay must feel happy in the good potter's hand.",
        "If there are no dogs in Heaven, then when I die I want to go where they went.",
        "I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.",
        "Who deserves more credit than the wife of a coal miner?",
        "When you find yourself in a hole, quit digging.",
        "Vessels large may venture more, but little boats should keep near shore.",
        "It is not that life ashore is distasteful to me. But life at sea is better.",
        "I don't believe in astrology; I'm a Sagittarius and we're skeptical.",
        "A physician without a knowledge of astrology has no right to call himself a physician.",
        "Thousands have lived without love, not one without water.",
        "The man who has grit enough to bring about the afforestation or the irrigation of a country is not less worthy of honor than its conqueror.",
        "I shot an arrow into the air. It fell to earth, I knew not where.",
        "May the forces of evil become confused while your arrow is on its way to the target.",
        "Writing means sharing. It's part of the human condition to want to share things – thoughts, ideas, opinions.",
        "Writing is easy. All you have to do is cross out the wrong words.",
        "Each of us is carving a stone, erecting a column, or cutting a piece of stained glass in the construction of something much bigger than ourselves.",
        "When wasteful war shall statues overturn, and broils root out the work of masonry.",
        "Bronze is the mirror of the form, wine of the mind.",
        "I'm also interested in creating a lasting legacy… because civ 6 will last for thousands of years.",
        "Sometimes the wheel turns slowly, but it turns.",
        "Don't reinvent the wheel, just realign it.",
        "And all I ask is a tall ship and a star to steer her by.",
        "Set your course by the stars, not by the lights of every passing ship.",
        "Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.",
        "Money, if it does not bring you happiness, will at least help you be miserable in comfort.",
        "No hour of life is wasted that is spent in the saddle.",
        "A man on a horse is spiritually as well as physically bigger than a man on foot.",
        "The Lord made us all out of iron. Then he turns up the heat to forge some of us into steel.",
        "Everything has its limit – iron ore cannot be educated into gold.",
        "I cannot imagine any condition which would cause a ship to founder … Modern shipbuilding has gone beyond that.",
        "There is nothing but a plank between a sailor and eternity.",
        "Without mathematics, there's nothing you can do. Everything around you is mathematics. Everything around you is numbers.",
        "If I were again beginning my studies, I would follow the advice of Plato and start with mathematics.",
        "Create with the heart; build with the mind.",
        "The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl.",
        "One man's 'magic' is another man's engineering.",
        "Normal people … believe that if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Engineers believe that if it ain't broke, it doesn't have enough features yet.",
        "Tactics mean doing what you can with what you have.",
        "Strategy requires thought; tactics require observation.",
        "We are all apprentices in a craft where no one ever becomes a master.",
        "There is no easy way to train an apprentice. My two tools are example and nagging.",
        "Few inventions have been so simple as the stirrup, but few have had so catalytic an influence on history."